Blood
NOTE - [01]: The Iron Lung
The Iron Lung
NOTE - [02]: Polio: A 20th Century Epidemic
Polio: A 20th Century Epidemic
NOTE - [03]: Bubonic Plague: The First Pandemic
Bubonic Plague: The First Pandemic
NOTE - [04]: Smallpox and the Story of Vaccination
Smallpox and the Story of Vaccination
NOTE - [05]: The History of Syphilis Part One: Cause and Symptoms
The History of Syphilis Part One: Cause and Symptoms
NOTE - [06]: The History of Syphilis Part Two: Treatments, Cures and Legislation
The History of Syphilis Part Two: Treatments, Cures and Legislation
NOTE - [07]: Understanding Bodily Functions
Understanding Bodily Functions
NOTE - [08]: Diagnosis: Understanding Illness
Diagnosis: Understanding Illness
NOTE - [09]: What is Scientific Medicine?
What is Scientific Medicine?
NOTE - [10]: Clinical Trials and Medical Experiments
Clinical Trials and Medical Experiments
NOTE - [11]: The Microscope
The Microscope
NOTE - [12]: Visualising the Body
Visualising the Body
NOTE - [13]: Medicine in the Warzone
Medicine in the Warzone
NOTE - [14]: Treating the Wounded in Wartime
Treating the Wounded in Wartime
NOTE - [15]: Sickness in the Ranks
Sickness in the Ranks
NOTE - [16]: Medicine in the Aftermath of the War
Medicine in the Aftermath of the War
NOTE - [17]: Revolutionary Hospital Medicine
Revolutionary Hospital Medicine
NOTE - [18]: Who Pays for Hospitals?
Who Pays for Hospitals?
NOTE - [19]: Hospital Infection
Hospital Infection
NOTE - [20]: The Problem of Blood Loss
The Problem of Blood Loss
NOTE - [21]: The Art of Anaesthesia
The Art of Anaesthesia
NOTE - [22]: Joseph Lister's Antisepsis System
Joseph Lister's Antisepsis System
NOTE - [23]: Surgeons and Surgical Spaces
Surgeons and Surgical Spaces
NOTE - [24]: A Victorian Mental Asylum
A Victorian Mental Asylum
NOTE - [25]: From Nerves to Neuroses
From Nerves to Neuroses
NOTE - [26]: 'Heroic Therapies' in Psychiatry
'Heroic Therapies' in Psychiatry
NOTE - [27]: Thalidomide
Thalidomide
NOTE - [28]: Materia Medica and Pharmacology
Materia Medica and Pharmacology
NOTE - [29]: Cholera in Victorian London
Cholera in Victorian London
NOTE - [30]: Epidemology: The Public Health Science
Epidemology: The Public Health Science
NOTE - [31]: Smoking: Advertising the Facts
Smoking: Advertising the Facts
NOTE - [32]: The Health of the Nation
The Health of the Nation
NOTE - [33]: Dangerous Trades
Dangerous Trades
NOTE - [34]: How was Penicillin Developed?
How was Penicillin Developed?
NOTE - [35]: Alternatives to Antibiotics
Alternatives to Antibiotics
NOTE - [36]: What is Antibiotic Resistance?
What is Antibiotic Resistance?
NOTE - [37]: Preventing Infection: Lessons from the Past
Preventing Infection: Lessons from the Past
NOTE - (https://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/objects-and-stories)